README.md, before:

# Employee Tracker

## Description
This is a CLI application for building and maintaining an employee database.

## User Story
```
AS A business owner
I WANT to be able to view and manage the departments, roles, and employees in my company
SO THAT I can organize and plan my business
```

## Acceptance Criteria
```
GIVEN a command-line application that accepts user input
WHEN I start the application
THEN I am presented with the following options: view all departments, view all roles, view all employees, add a department, add a role, add an employee, and update an employee role
WHEN I choose to view all departments
THEN I am presented with a formatted table showing department names and department ids
WHEN I choose to view all roles
THEN I am presented with the job title, role id, the department that role belongs to, and the salary for that role
WHEN I choose to view all employees
THEN I am presented with a formatted table showing employee data, including employee ids, first names, last names, job titles, departments, salaries, and managers that the employees report to
WHEN I choose to add a department
THEN I am prompted to enter the name of the department and that department is added to the database
WHEN I choose to add a role
THEN I am prompted to enter the name, salary, and department for the role and that role is added to the database
WHEN I choose to add an employee
THEN I am prompted to enter the employee’s first name, last name, role, and manager, and that employee is added to the database
WHEN I choose to update an employee role
THEN I am prompted to select an employee to update and their new role and this information is updated in the database 
```

## Installation

## Mock-Up

## Links
- [GitHub](https://github.com/KVPang/employee-tracker)
- [Walkthrough Video]()

## Contact
- [GitHub](https://github.com/KVPang)

Commit message:

readme formatting and installation details

README.md, after:

# Employee Tracker

## Description
This is a CLI application for building and maintaining an employee database. 

## User Story
```
AS A business owner
I WANT to be able to view and manage the departments, roles, and employees in my company
SO THAT I can organize and plan my business
```

## Acceptance Criteria
```
GIVEN a command-line application that accepts user input
WHEN I start the application
THEN I am presented with the following options: view all departments, view all roles, view all employees, add a department, add a role, add an employee, and update an employee role

WHEN I choose to view all departments
THEN I am presented with a formatted table showing department names and department ids

WHEN I choose to view all roles
THEN I am presented with the job title, role id, the department that role belongs to, and the salary for that role

WHEN I choose to view all employees
THEN I am presented with a formatted table showing employee data, including employee ids, first names, last names, job titles, departments, salaries, and managers that the employees report to

WHEN I choose to add a department
THEN I am prompted to enter the name of the department and that department is added to the database

WHEN I choose to add a role
THEN I am prompted to enter the name, salary, and department for the role and that role is added to the database

WHEN I choose to add an employee
THEN I am prompted to enter the employee’s first name, last name, role, and manager, and that employee is added to the database

WHEN I choose to update an employee role
THEN I am prompted to select an employee to update and their new role and this information is updated in the database 
```

## Installation
1. Run ``npm install`` to install dependencies
2. Run ``schema.sql`` 
3. Run ``seeds.sql``

## Installation
- Run ``node index.js`` in the terminal to start the application

## Mock-Up

## Links
- [GitHub](https://github.com/KVPang/employee-tracker)
- [Walkthrough Video]()

## Contact
- [GitHub](https://github.com/KVPang)
